magical libraries prettier yard than
Harvard Yard sailgating
cutest school mascot what's it like
inside the University of Washington find
out on this campus crawl
we are now walking in the center of
University of Washington or as the
students call it u-dub right behind me
right there is a world-famous library
and it has a reading room that's the
size of an Amazon warehouse it's huge
we will go check that out later we are
now walking through the most stunning
and most beautiful part of u-dub campus
the quad this in the spring all these
are cherry blossom trees so it's gonna
be all pink and green very photogenic
location but right now everything is
dead and yet to bloom but this place
honestly reminds me of the Harvard Yard
with the grass and the red brick
buildings I'm gonna be honest with you I
think this might look a little bit
better than Harvard now can I lie
although most of the cherry blossoms are
not out
we got one sneaking right through here
if I come back just in like a month or
two this place would be absolutely
stunning I can already imagine it this
is a huge role of sororities and frat
houses and on Fridays and Saturdays it
can get really really rowdy all near
here
and some part of the appeal of
University of Washington because it's
known as a huge party school so if you
like that definitely check this place
out go down we are now at the Huskies
Stadium the home of the dogs let's go
dogs this is one of the biggest stadiums
that holds 60,000 people and on Husky
game day all the students have three
tickets to the seating and they come
here and cheer for the Huskies
let's go Huskies the stadium's not open
obviously but you can kind of see how
big this stadium is and that just goes
to show that these sports culture at
University of Washington but also
Seattle is huge people love love the
Huskies go dogs once again so when a
football games happening have you ever
heard of tailgating where you basically
part your car in front of a stadium and
then you host a party at the trunk of
your car
well you dub has a special tradition
call sailgating where you do the exact
same thing but instead you're partying
on a boat because the Husky Stadium is
right next to a lake so it's really easy
just to chill here on a sunny day on a
boat enjoy have a couple of beers have a
couple drinks go for a dive and go watch
the game that doors that is the most
unique student tradition I've ever heard
sailgating tailgating I gotta say that's
pretty cool right behind me right there
is the electrical engineering building
where most people major if they want to
work out the tech companies then yeah I
mean this way is a fountain that is not
on but this fountain is one of the
biggest ones I've ever seen it's way
bigger than anything else Danford and if
we wouldn't fountain hopping in this
oh it would be more like fountain
swimming oh there's a duck there's a
duck
I'm extremely tempted to jump in except
it's Seattle weather and it doesn't look
too clean inside it's a Sun Dial body
you never see the Sun in Seattle so how
would you ever use this useless as per
campus Crouch tradition we're gonna show
you what a typical classroom looks like
every single University
so traditionally University of
Washington is actually known for kind of
larger classes but they do have these
smaller type of classes where it's
around 30 people in size this is a
computer electrical engineering
classrooms and everything looks really
really new which I love because sitting
in an old classroom although feels nice
sometimes it can feel a little dated
being in this new environment you can
really know and understand what the
teacher is teaching and preaching
so please do what the teacher says and
right here you got some good knowledge
right here follow hafu go on Instagram
for more campus crawl behind the scenes
let's go dogs
[Music]
we are now entering maple Hall one of
the best residences on u-dub campus and
this this residence is really cool
because it has a lot of different
facilities there's a place called area
oh one and it includes a game room a
makerspace and he sounds studio this is
open to all students this is area a1
this is what I look forward to on this
campus tour while I was researching they
have a lot of recreational activities
such as pool billiard arcade machines
computers for League of Legends but they
also have a make your studio check mate
GG bro
all right you owe me dinner this is
quite the coolest part of this campus I
think because it's the makerspace we
went to one in Columbia but this is a
part of the residence building in maple
hall there's so many 3d printers in here
and there's equipment for you to
basically make anything you can dream of
into reality and that's the theme of
campus grow to explore your dreams in
the makerspace they have stuff for
textiles metalwork 3d printing and
digital work so basically it's like
every aspect that you involves you
creating something you can create here I
think just by having this in here it
expands your creativity by a metric time
we're now in the cafeteria it's called
local point they serve a bunch of
healthy options so you can just come
downstairs and it's
this is basically the dead center of
University of Washington and all around
me are libraries classrooms and if you
look down that way you'll see an amazing
view of the mountains behind me that way
you would be able to see a huge
beautiful mountain with snow glistening
at the top but it is raining and it's
really windy uw is usually a stunning
school when it's not raining but usually
it looks like this Seattle is known for
its rain and overcast so maybe like four
months out of the year you're probably
gonna be pretty depressed and stuck in
your room all day right behind me is the
administration building but you know why
does the administration building look so
nice so it looks like a castle
everything I you dove just works so well
together I like the way this school is
built we're now entering Susilo M Allen
library this is the most iconic building
at the University of Washington because
it features the infamous or famous Harry
Potter room let's go check that out we
are now walking into the giant study
hall in Susa library and there's over
350 thousand square feet of study space
I thought UC berkeley's study hall was
big and I saw this one
[Music]
like I could like flying brooms all the
flights this place looks magical
on the weekends over here in this Susilo
library it can definitely get a little
bit crowded because there's a lot of
tourists like me coming by but on the
weekdays that's when this turns into the
most studious space that you'll ever see
everyone is stunning here and you just
feel so inspired to achieve your dreams
[Music]
in addition to the study hall - solo
library also has over two million books
so there's this huge database so you can
just reach anytime as I was making my
last crawl through the u-dub campus it
suddenly occurred to me who is a
narrator in the beginning and why does
he sound like that guy from Animal
Planet also after I leave you dub what
university should I visit next then it
came to me I should just ask my
subscribers so if you're watching this
there's a link in the description to a
campus crawl feedback survey please do
it so I can make campus crawl more
interesting and more relatable to you
also you can choose the next University
of visit and our campus crawl mascot
if you want to be featured in the next
campus crawl or Dana life video there's
an application link right below that -
this is one of the things you can do
when you get here oh my god there's a
large bird poop on top scary
welcome to the University of Washington
Huskies and hit that subscribe button
- hah foo go and make sure you click
like and turn on notifications and click
here to watch another episode of campus
crawl my name is Hal Foucault and I'll
see you in the next episode go Huskies
go Huskies